The World Health Organization (WHO) said that 35%-50% of patients with mental illness who need mental treatment are not adequately treated due to low access to mental health treatment facilities. Therefore, I will develop a mobile app that is easy to access and saves time and money in this project. This app allows cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT)-based users to monitor, measure, analyze, care for, and treat their psychological status independently. CBT is an effective treatment for many psychological problems. CBT using the computer and Internet-based technologies has proven effective in improving depression, anger, and anxiety. This app consists of two main parts. The first part is data gathering components, including the Daily Records, and the second is a care provision component. In the Daily Record section, users can track and numerically analyze their mood or mental health status by answering various questions provided by the app. The psychometric evaluation section includes more detailed stress, anxiety, and PTSD measurements. The care part is a part the user can self-manage mental health. The user is given access to a music library, music videos, recommended music lists, various yoga or exercise teaching videos, and meditation videos in the music and exercise treatment sections to aid in their participation. The portion that facilitates communication with experts in psychiatric counselling is the last one. This app numerically analyses the data collected through various tests and mood tracking, shows the results to the user, and connects it to the mental care section in the app with a pop-up message recommending mental care if the number poses a risk.
